president bush and his top advisers , after nine days of unrelenting criticism from congress , are warning the iraqi government that continuing funding for an american troop increase and other elements of mr. bush 's new iraq strategy will be contingent on prime minister nuri kamal al-maliki ` s delivery on promises to quell violence , senior administration officials said in recent interviews .
the prayer wheel , designed by christopher moench , a 47-year-old artist from bellingham , wash , is part of an emerging funerary art movement that will reach an apotheosis of sorts when the nation 's first art gallery dedicated to cremation urns and other `` personal memorial art '' opens jan, 27 in graton , just outside sebastopol in sonoma
gov . eliot spitzer will preview his first executive budget in a speech on friday afternoon , laying out his plan to rein in medicaid and other health care spending , setting the stage for a battle with politically powerful health care providers and unions .
`` this is my book and i 've done my best to make myself look good , `` he writes in his new memoir with the ungainly title , '' what a party ! my life among democrats : presidents , candidates , donors , activists , alligators and other wild animals `` -lrb- thomas dunne
a deputy sheriff caught up with the car that he and other officers were pursuing and , still traveling at high speed , rammed it with his own car , causing an
the lead blogger , who uses the name spocko , said that he and other bloggers had contacted
state tax revenues around the country are growing far more slowly this year and in some cases falling below projections , a result of the housing market slowdown that has curbed voracious spending on real estate , building materials , furniture and other items .
army prosecutions of desertion and other unauthorized absences have risen sharply in the last four years , resulting in thousands more negative discharges and prison time for both junior soldiers and combat-tested veterans of the wars in iraq and afghanistan , army records show .the increased prosecutions are meant to serve as a deterrent to a growing number of soldiers who are ambivalent about heading -- or heading back -- to iraq and may be looking for a way out , several army lawyers said in interviews .
probably no case in recent memory has highlighted this clash more than the mystery surrounding a group of 32 paintings and other pieces that alex matter , the son of the photographer herbert matter , said he found in 2002 among his father 's possessions in
in response , the witness , marie-jos茅 kravis , a former director of mr. black 's company , hollinger international , maintained that she and other directors were misled about millions of dollars in payments mr. black and other executives received .
the talks are the first product of a feb , 13 agreement reached in beijing in which the government of kim jong -il said it would stop , seal and ultimately disable its nuclear facilities in exchange for fuel and other assistance
the development adds to hopes of conservationists who are struggling to restore catalina 's once-thriving bald eagle population decades after millions of pounds of ddt and other pollutants devastated it .
the indictment charged kyle d . foggo , a former executive director at the c.i.a. , with wire fraud , conspiracy , money laundering and failing to report vacation trips and other gifts paid for by the
the company , purdue pharma , agreed to pay $ 600 million in fines and other payments to resolve the criminal charge of `` misbranding '' the product , one of the largest amounts ever paid by a drug company in such a case .
the deputy chief of staff to former gov . john g . rowland , who pleaded guilty four years ago to taking gold coins and other favors in exchange for steering state contracts , left the federal courthouse here on monday richly rewarded , this time for his cooperation with prosecutors .
deep-ocean explorers for the company , odyssey marine exploration , located more than 500,000 silver coins weighing more than 17 tons , along with hundreds of gold coins and other artifacts , in a
the democratic senator leading the inquiry into the dismissal of federal prosecutors insisted sunday that karl rove and other top aides to president bush must testify publicly and under oath , setting up a confrontation between congress and the white house , which has said it is unlikely to agree to such a demand .
but to some , it seemed the usual procedures were cut short -- vetting the details though an interagency process that ordinarily would have brought in vice president dick cheney 's office , the defense department and aides at the white house and other agencies who
scientists from across the world gathered monday to hammer out the final details of an authoritative report on climate change that is expected to project centuries of rising temperatures and sea levels unless there are curbs in emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases that trap heat in the
the deficit was fueled by the continuing american need for foreign oil and imports of consumer goods from china and other countries .
he said his goal was to prepare young conservative christians to enter politics , law , the news media and other professions , and to bring their conservative christian outlook to their work .
the two companies also said they would pool their technologies for detecting bombs , chemicals and other dangerous items into a joint venture , smiths ge detection .
in the past year , investment companies and other financial firms have taken over or hope to take over the leases on
but on thursday , the city announced plans for a 30-acre high-technology campus on the site of a city auto pound in queens to house the police academy , the firing range and other training grounds scattered across the city .since
there may be no starker reminder of saddam hussein 's tyrannical rule than the potent symbols he left behind : scores of hubristic statues , murals , frescoes and other monuments he built all over iraq to commemorate himself .
for some conservatives , accepting darwin undercuts religious faith and produces an amoral , materialistic worldview that easily embraces abortion , embryonic stem cell research and other practices they abhor .
four marine officers , who were not present during the attack , were charged with dereliction of duty and other crimes for failing to properly
thousands of japanese engineers and other industry professionals have gone to taiwan , south korea and china to seek work at aggressive , fast-growing companies that want to use japanese technological expertise .
since that first purchase , corbis has spent tens of millions of dollars acquiring image collections and other companies , hired more than 1,000 people and set up two dozen offices worldwide .mr. shenk , 36 , is an expert in rights licensing who has
but many people -- parents in particular -- took note of it last week , when rc2 issued a recall of 1.5 million thomas the tank engine wooden trains and other railroad components that were contaminated with paint containing lead .
the administration proposed a bill on friday to relax certain legal restrictions on the government 's ability to intercept telephone calls and other communications in the united states .
supporters say it would be the most systematic effort in the nation 's history to evaluate would-be immigrants , using objective criteria to measure job skills , education and other attributes .
google said on wednesday that it was changing its approach to internet searches by combining results from its established web search service with offerings that help users find videos , images , maps and other content .
at least two of the national police officers who turned out for the operation were moving ahead of the american troops not to lead the security drive but to warn the residents to hide their weapons and other incriminating evidence .
sales have dropped , rebates and other incentives are climbing , even for companies like g.m. and toyota that have the newest models on the market .
blacks on the board are furious that he has cut the number of office and other non-teaching jobs and closed some schools .
the lower temperatures , humidity-free air and layers of wool and other fabrics can leave skin irritated and uncomfortable .
the bush administration reached agreement on thursday with the house speaker , nancy pelosi , and other democrats to attach environmental and worker protections in several pending trade accords , clearing the way for early passage of some pacts and improving prospects for others .
on monday , the supreme court ruled that the environmental protection agency has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from automobiles .
the alternative , mr. moore and other proponents of the settlement told
or they can accept the rightward tilt of that period and grudgingly concede that big tax cuts , deregulation , restrictions on abortion and other republican-inspired changes are now a permanent part
he said the strike did not appear to eliminate the threat to american aircraft because other weapons had been used against helicopters in falluja and other parts
but these days the industry is struggling to meet rapidly growing global demand for iron , copper and other essential commodities .
these companies store and maintain customers ' clothing and other possessions and ship them to their destination , then return it all to storage once the trip is over .
the agriculture department for years publicly listed social security numbers of tens of thousands of people who received financial aid from two of its agencies , raising concerns about identity theft and other privacy violations .
a growing number of internet-literate workers are forwarding their office e-mail to free web-accessible personal accounts offered by google , yahoo and other companies .
the nation 's ability to track retreating polar ice and shifting patterns of drought , rainfall and other environmental changes is being put `` at great risk '' by faltering efforts to replace aging satellite-borne sensors , a panel convened by the country 's leading scientific advisory group said.
escalating his campaign to remain president of the world bank , paul d . wolfowitz accused the bank 's board on wednesday of treating him `` shabbily and unfairly , '' and appealed for more time to defend himself against allegations of favoritism and other matters .
the 62-page plan , two years in the making , served at least partly as a rebuff to separate efforts by president bush and european nations to draw china and other developing countries into a commitment to reduce emissions , which was expected to be a focal point at the expanded summit meeting of the group of 8 industrialized nations .
president vladimir v . putin of russia on thursday appointed ramzan a . kadyrov , a widely feared young official whose security forces have been accused of kidnappings , torture and other abuses , to be president of chechnya , the battered southern republic .
president bush 's latest appeals court nominee , leslie southwick , has a disturbing history of insensitivity to blacks and other minority groups .
the tribune company , which owns the los angeles times , the chicago tribune , the baltimore sun and other papers , announced yesterday that it had joined forces with samuel zell to take the company private and pay shareholders $ 34 a share .
the bill 's supporters , including civil rights groups and the black , latino and asian caucus of the council , say it would help deter discrimination based on race and other criteria in violation of fair housing laws .
yet now , faculty and graduate students across the country increasingly complain that these panels have spun out of control , curtailing academic freedom and interfering with research in history , english and other subjects that poses virtually no danger to anyone .
industry executives and competitors believe that apple has developed the first of a new generation of devices that are closer to personal computers in pocket form , meaning that they will easily handle music , entertainment , productivity tasks and communications on cellular and other wireless networks .
yet the company , the world 's largest retailer , also said that it was not pulling back from plans to roll out a stream of new financial products , which could include mortgages and other types of consumer loans .
while by no means unique to california , pickup trucks and other vehicles piled high with improperly secured loads are a fact of life here , contributing -- thanks to the laws of physics -- to an estimated 140,000 cubic yards of road debris a year .
the environmental protection agency is requiring significant reductions in the amount of cancer-causing benzene and other toxic hydrocarbon gases in gasoline and released into the air during storage and use , under a rule released friday .
in october 1993 , during a senate hearing on a bill to regulate herbs , vitamins and other dietary supplements on the presumption that they were safe , senator orrin g . hatch , republican of utah , spoke up in their defense .
at least three separate environmental studies of the impact of the f.a.a. ` s plan to address congested airspace in the metropolitan area by redrawing routes are in various stages of development in westchester and fairfield counties , where flights from la guardia airport and other large airports must compete for space with
but now that it has been thrust upon him , mr. bush is defiantly refusing to allow karl rove and other top aides to testify publicly and under oath , as democrats are demanding .
but the case is pending in miami , and the jockeys are represented not by human rights groups but by motley rice , a leading contingency-fee class-action firm based in south carolina known for its work in tobacco , asbestos and other domestic injury cases .
the attorney general of israel plans to indict president moshe katsav on charges of rape and other sexual offenses , the justice ministry announced tuesday , in what would be the most serious criminal case involving a senior israeli official .
to become full legal residents , under a compromise senate leaders announced thursday , mr. ram铆rez and other illegal immigrants would have to pay a total of $ 5,000 in fines , more than 14 times the typical weekly earnings on the streets here , return to their home countries at least once , and wait as long as eight years .
here at home , gov . arnold schwarzenegger ordered his regulators in california to require fuel oil companies and refiners to start reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and other global-warming gases .
gov . deval patrick on tuesday unveiled a $ 1.25 billion proposal intended to help the state maintain its status as a pre-eminent place for stem cell research and other life sciences .
ms. horowitz has founded the freelancers union , offering members lower-cost health coverage and other benefits that many freelancers often have a hard time getting .
you 're in luck : many of its rap battles and other major scenes are available for viewing on youtube , the video-sharing web site owned by google .
more than 200 existing centers offer free , confidential counseling for post-traumatic stress disorder , substance abuse , sexual trauma , marital stress , bereavement and other issues.
but since september , midwestern banks and real estate brokers report , land has become a torrid commodity , with prices in illinois , iowa and other nearby states climbing by as much as 20 percent .
a parolee who has served more than 30 years in prison for two separate homicides and other violent crimes in new york city was arrested yesterday by the suffolk county police and charged in the shooting deaths of a 52-year-old woman and her 30-year-old son over the weekend
a study by researchers in the netherlands has found that people who are temperamentally pessimistic are more likely to die of heart disease and other causes than those who are by nature optimistic .
much of the rebirth of new york city neighborhoods in recent years can be traced to a force that many new yorkers barely know exists : a sprawling network of community-development corporations and other homegrown nonprofit groups , which developed some 100,000 moderately priced apartments out of the ashes and abandonment of places like the south bronx , central brooklyn and parts of harlem .
judge aiken sentenced ms. gerlach to nine years in prison for her role in `` the family , '' a group of at least 10 radical environmentalists who have been convicted of arson and other destructive actions at an electrical transmission tower .
all along the border , there are signs that the measures the border patrol and other federal agencies have taken over the last year , from erecting new barriers to posting 6,000 national guardsmen as armed sentinels , are beginning to slow the flow of illegal immigrants .
the new analysis attributed much of the disparity between new york and the other cities to the exceptionally
in his first appearance before the senate commerce committee under democratic leadership , kevin j . martin , the agency 's chairman , and the other commissioners faced sharp criticism from some senior senators on
the comptroller , howard weitzman , said that although the audit did not uncover fraud or other illegal activity , the accounting system used by the
the department acted on concerns that loan companies or other marketers were improperly obtaining private information on potential borrowers .