US President Bush and his top advisers have warned the iraqi government that continuing funding for military elements of mr Bush.
The prayer wheel, designed by 47-year-old artist christopher moench, is part of an emerging funerary art movement that will reach an apotheosis when the nation's first art gallery dedicated to  personal memorial art '' opens in sonoma on Jan 27.
 eliot spitzer will preview his first executive budget in a speech on friday afternoon, laying out his plan to rein in health care spending and setting the stage for a battle with politically powerful health care providers and unions.
''What a party! my life among politicians  -lrb- thomas dunne.
A deputy sheriff caught up with the car that the officers were pursuing and, still traveling at high speed, rammed it with his own car, causing an accident.
 The lead blogger, who uses the name spocko, said that all bloggers had contacted advertisers and passed on digital copies to advertisers.
State tax revenues in the United States are growing far more slowly this year and in some cases falling below projections, a result of the housing market slowdown that has curbed voracious spending on housing market items.
Army prosecutions of unauthorized millitary absences have risen sharply in the last four years, resulting in thousands more negative discharges and prison time for both junior soldiers and combat-tested veterans of the wars in iraq and afghanistan, army records show.
The son of photographer herbert matter, alex matter, said he found art pieces in 2002 among his father's possessions in the Netherlands.
 kravis, a former director of conrad black's company hollinger international, maintained that she and other directors were misled about millions of dollars in payments company executives received.
 The talks are the first product of a feb 13 agreement reached in beijing in which the government of kim jong-il said it would stop, seal and ultimately disable its nuclear facilities in exchange for economic commodities.
 The development adds to hopes of conservationists who are struggling to restore catalina's once-thriving bald eagle population after millions of pounds of agriculture pollutants devastated it.
Former Central Intelligence Agency executive director kyle foggo was indicted on tuesday for wire fraud, conspiracy, money laundering and failing to report gift bribery paid for by the agency.
 The company agreed to pay $600 million in restitution to resolve the criminal charge, one of the largest amounts ever paid by a drug company in such a case.
 Rowland, who pleaded guilty four years ago to taking gift bribery in exchange for steering state contracts, left the federal courthouse on monday richly rewarded for his cooperation with prosecutors.
 The company also recovered more than 500,000 silver coins weighing over 17 tons along with hundreds of artifacts.
Democrat senator patrick leahy, the chairman of the senate judiciary committee leading the inquiry into the dismissal of federal prosecutors, on Sunday said senior White House advisors to President Bush must testify publicly and under oath.
 Rice bypassed the process that normally would have brought in vice president dick cheney's office, the defense department and aides at the government agencies who were supposed to be involved.
Scientists from across the world gathered monday to hammer out the final details of an authoritative report on climate change that is expected to project centuries of rising temperatures and sea levels unless there are curbs in emissions of greenhouse gases that trap heat in the atmosphere.
 The deficit was fueled by the continuing american need for foreign oil and imports of consumer goods from consumer goods countries.
 The two companies also said they would pool their technologies for detecting explosive items into a joint venture called smiths ge detection.
New Jersey will lease its largest toll roads to financial firms, fearing that those investors would sharply raise prices to maximize their profits.
 The shift in ownership from traditional shipping companies to financial firms is emblematic of wall street's interest in big public assets, including airports, lotteries and toll roads.
Queens has announced plans for a 30-acre high-tech campus to house the law enforcement training grounds scattered across the city.
Saddam Hussein's iraq monument, the victory arch, is one of several art monuments he built to commemorate himself.
Conservative circles have argued that darwinian theory undermines conservative notions of religion and morality or does it actually support conservative philosophy? For some conservatives, accepting darwin undercuts religious faith and produces an amoral, materialistic worldview that easily embraces controversial medical practices they abhor.
 Four marine officers, who were not present during the attack, were charged with millitary offenses for failing to properly supervise the operation.
Thousands of japanese industry professionals have gone to taiwan, south korea and china to seek work at fast-growing companies that want to use japanese technology expertise.
 Since then, corbis has spent tens of millions of dollars acquiring photo companies, hired more than 1,000 people and set up two dozen offices worldwide.
5 million railroad components that were contaminated with paint containing lead.
The Bush administration on Friday proposed a bill to relax certain legal restrictions on the government's ability to intercept telecommunications in the united states.
 The plan would be the most systematic effort in the nation's history to evaluate would-be immigrants, using objective criteria to measure competitive educational attributes.
Google on wednesday announced that it is changing its approach to internet searches by combining results from its established web search service with offerings that help users find web content.
At least two of the national police officers who turned out for the baghdad security drive were moving ahead of the american troops not to lead the security drive but to warn the residents to hide their incriminating evidence.
The popularity of pickups has dropped, sales incentives are climbing even for companies like g.m.
Blacks on the board are furious that he has cut the number of non-teaching jobs and closed some schools, 50 years after the epic desegregation struggle at Little Rock High School.
The lower temperatures, humidity-free air and layers of itchy fabrics can leave skin irritated and uncomfortable.
The bush administration on thursday reached an agreement with the democrats to attach environmental and worker protections in several pending trade accords.
The supreme court on Monday ruled that the environmental protection agency has the authority to regulate greenhouse gases from automobiles.
 The alternative, all proponents of the settlement said, is that it could put hundreds of millions of dollars into the hands of victims of Hurricane Katrina by the end of the year.
 Or they can accept the rightward tilt of that period and grudgingly concede that republican-inspired changes are now a permanent part of the House.
 The strike did not appear to eliminate the threat to american aircraft because other weapons had been used against helicopters in parts of baghdad.
 Mining companies like rio have been forced to cut back on their operations in order to meet growing global demand for essential metal commodities.
 These companies store and maintain customers' personal possessions and ship them to their destination, then return it all to storage once the trip is over.
The agriculture department has publicly listed social security numbers of tens of thousands of people who received financial aid from two of its agencies, raising concerns about privacy violations.
A growing number of internet-literate workers are forwarding their office e-mail to free web-accessible personal accounts offered by web search companies.
The nasa's ability to track retreating polar ice and shifting patterns of environmental changes is being put at great risk by faltering efforts to replace aging satellite-borne sensors, a panel convened by the country's leading scientific advisory group has said.
World Bank President Paul wolfowitz on Wednesday accused the bank's board of treating him'shabbily and unfairly' and appealed for more time to defend himself against accusations.
 The 62-page plan, two years in the making, served at least partly as a rebuff to separate efforts by President Bush and European nations to draw asian developing countries into a commitment to reduce emissions.
 putin on thursday appointed ramzan a kadyrov, a widely feared young official whose security forces have been accused of criminal offences, to be the President of Chechnya.
President Bush's latest nominee for the Supreme Court, leslie southwick, has a disturbing history of insensitivity to racial minority groups.
The tribune company, which owns several famous newspapers, announced on Monday that it had joined forces with samuel zell to take the company private and pay shareholders?34 a share.
Nearly two-thirds of the members of the city council are co-sponsoring a bill to deter discrimination based on multiple criteria in violation of fair housing laws.
Faculty and graduate students across the country have complained that these panels have spun out of control, curtailing academic freedom and interfering with research in academic subjects that poses virtually no danger to anyone.
Apple Computer's chief executive steven jobs is expected to unveil a new generation of devices that will easily handle music, entertainment, productivity tasks and communications on wireless networks.
 The company also said that it was not pulling back from plans to roll out new financial products, which could include several types of consumer loans.
California has an estimated 140,000 cubic yards of road debris a year due to improperly secured pickup vehicles, according to reports.
The Environmental Protection Agency is requiring significant reductions in the amount of cancer-causing toxic hydrocarbon gases in gasoline and released into the air during storage and use, under a rule released friday.
During a 1993 senate hearing on a bill to regulate dietary supplements on the presumption that they were safe, senator orrin g.
's plan to address congested airspace in the metropolitan area by redrawing routes is in various stages of development in westchester and fairfield counties, where flights from large new york airports must compete for space with smaller New York airports.
 Bush is refusing to allow senior White House advisors to testify publicly and under oath as democrats are demanding.
The case is pending in miami, and the jockeys are represented not by human rights groups but by motley rice, a leading contingency-fee class-action firm based in south carolina known for its domestic injury cases.
The Attorney General of Israel is planning to indict President Moshe katsav on charges of sexual offenses, the ministry of justice announced on Tuesday.
Under a compromise senate bill, illegal immigrants would have to pay a total of?5,000 in fines, more than 14 times the typical weekly earnings on the streets here, return to their home countries at least once, and wait as long as eight years.
 Arnold Schwarzenegger has ordered his regulators to require fuel oil companies and refiners to start reducing emissions of global-warming gases.
25 billion proposal intended to help the state maintain its status as a pre-eminent place for life sciences research.
 horowitz has founded the freelancers union, offering members labor benefits that many freelancers often have a hard time getting.
 Many of its rap scenes are available for viewing on youtube.
More than 200 existing centers offer free, confidential counseling for stress related issues.
Midwestern banks and real estate brokers have reported that land has become a torrid commodity, with prices in midwestern states climbing by as much as 20 percent since september.
A parolee who has served more than 30 years in prison for multiple violent crimes in new york city was arrested by the suffolk county police and charged in the shooting deaths of a 52-year-old woman and her 30-year-old son over the weekend.
A study by researchers in the netherlands has found that people who are temperamentally pessimistic are more likely to die of chronic diseases than those who are by nature optimistic.
New York City's rebirth in recent years can be traced back to a network of homegrown nonprofit groups, which developed some 100,000 moderately priced apartments out of the ashes and abandonment of places like the south bronx, central brooklyn and parts of harlem.
 gerlach to nine years in prison for her role in ''the family,'' a group of at least 10 radical environmentalists who have been convicted of destructive criminal actions at an electrical transmission tower.
02 out of every $ 100 in household and business income, putting the city's tax burden far above those of eight other american cities with populations over one million.
 The new analysis attributed much of the disparity to the exceptionally high population density of the cities.
 The commissioners faced sharp criticism from some senior senators on Thursday for their handling of the industry.
 While the audit did not uncover illegal activity, the accounting system used by the agency was treated as a "mom-and-pop" enterprise.
 The department acted on concerns that loan marketers were improperly obtaining private information on potential borrowers.