the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works , the officials said .
rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with sports direct -- as they will return to the club when a # 5million loan is repaid .
hundreds of seals are being killed in british waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves .
in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online .
the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean .
a spring snowstorm and icy roads caught colorado drivers by surprise friday , causing a 39-vehicle pileup near boulder and other bad wrecks that shut down highways during the morning commute .
an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy .
organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago , from which humans and other animals evolved , likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by nbc .
a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line .
the scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7 .
hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 .
tether unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels , trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit .
alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday and the pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects .
 former new england patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of odin lloyd .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments .
stephen howells , 39 , and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey , from hermon , new york , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children .
dozens of people who visited the cooden beach hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug .
the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system .
the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police said , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later .
during the investigation , detectives with the metro nashville police department in tennessee also found that the agent , 33-year-old daniel boykin , entered the woman 's home multiple times , where he took videos , photos and other data .
adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in , in which two cars , training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken .
a spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path .
president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq , but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis .
it marks the moment when the civilised world entered the dark ages and some of the most spectacular societies in the world disappeared .now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse .
jihadi john and other isis extremists are building a network of ` misfits ' around the world who can carry out ` chaotic ' terror attacks with little planning , a senior police officer has warned .
after weeks of gradual recalls , the company recalled all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes , the company said monday .
interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday .
in a letter he sent to his strategic management students , professor irwin horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating , heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a ` f ****** moron ' to his face .
taxpayers are having to find # 11billion a year to top up the wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs .
the study uncovered a link between belief in god and other societal characteristics , such as a strong social hierarchy .
los angeles  former rap mogul marion " suge " knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic " straight outta compton " earlier this year .
palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour .
in a rare foreign policy speech , the labour leader will pledge to ` restore our commitment ' to the eu and other international groups such as the united nations .
kenya 's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder dennis kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country 's runners .
of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms , the cdc said .
authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to " ban drugs in hundreds of cities , " liu yuejin , assistant minister of public security , said wednesday .
washington  as the missouri national guard prepared to deploy to help quell riots in ferguson , missouri , that raged sporadically last year , the guard used highly militarized words such as " enemy forces " and " adversaries " to refer to protesters , according to documents obtained by cnn .
a recent cyber-attack on the state department was reportedly carried out by high-level russia hackers who also penetrated restricted parts of the white house computer system , such as the president 's private schedule .
as someone who suffers from computer eye strain , i was alarmed to discover that prolonged exposure to gadgets such as iphones and ipads can cause irreversible damage to the eyes .
fighters from 100 nations -- more than half the countries in the world -- have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state , according to research by the united nations .
it is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing .
as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , tame impala , alabama shakes and interpol .
sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations .
called eye2tv , it adjusts colours in the image so that shows look ` normal ' , even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible .
nhs finances are so dire that patients could soon be forced to pay to use basic services such as gps , doctors leaders warned last night .
beer and ice cream .it does n't exactly spring to mind when you think of classic food pairings -- old friends such as bacon and eggs or steak and cabernet .
it found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure .
economists plotted how much goods listed on ebay sold for and discovered that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers , such as $ 1,000 .
despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old , the businessman , from buckinghamshire , is selling one every week , including to the tv and film industry who have used then in shows such as downton abbey .
while many main airports have codes which make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york , of lhr for london heathrow , others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter .
treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix and apple .
more than 10,000 dogs a year are poisoned after eating everyday items such as paracetamol and chocolate , a pet charity has warned .
the sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities such as michael caine and keith richards living as neighbours .
a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these ` awful ' that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath ( how dare they ) , putting them in their high chair ( so mean ) , and even giving them cookies ( what a truly evil thing to do ) .
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as burger king , pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the turkish border into syria .
rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign -- and to keep those who might be hankering after a move , such as raheem sterling .
a new cnn/orc poll finds 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples , while 41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons .
while most of these products end up collecting dust in the back of a drawer , beauty has seen an insurgence of natural alternatives , with all-purpose ingredients such as coconut oil taking over in their place .
a 19-year-old girl was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury .
his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple .
millions of britons could lose credit card perks such as cash bonuses and air miles because of eu legislation .
lord tebbit has hit out at david cameron for not being a ` real man ' with ` real depth of experience ' .the former tory party chairman said that unlike major figures such as sir winston churchill , clement attlee or aneurin bevan , mr cameron had never had a ` proper job ' .
bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to " work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair , " according to the tulsa county sheriff office 's website .
a british solicitor and former mayor of glastonbury has been revealed as a key prosecutor of the evil camp guards of bergen-belsen after its liberation in 1945cecil hamilton-miller , from kensington , london , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 , including several key belsen figures , such as camp commander josef kramer and dr fritz klein .
ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as chechnya and east africa , the westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq .
children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family , divorce or separation , could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes .
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat , super glue and mineral oil .
in the wake of recent controversy surrounding ` wellness warriors ' such as whole pantry founder belle gibson and the death of gerson therapy advocate jessica ainscough , bloggers have demanded ` irrefutable proof ' that modelling agent candice-marie fox cured her cancer ` with juice ' .
technology shows such as the annual e3 games conference in los angeles have become known for their scantily clad ` booth babes ' designed to attract people to stands .however , a dutch firm has taken a slightly different approach for its london event .
this week , artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose .
being underweight in mid-life could increase your risk of dementia , claim researchers .a new study shows you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight .
the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format , with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part .
the snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts . '
analysis of home office figures show that in areas such as bedfordshire as well as devon and cornwall , response times are now at least 50 per cent longer than they were three years ago .
almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , b&m bargains and wilkinsons are middle class and among the country 's highest earners , research has found .
bbc programmes are set to move online as part of a new ` internet first ' strategy designed to compete with web services such as netflix and amazon .corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs , and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem .
cheesy slogans such as ` reach for the stars ' could be detrimental to pupils , it has been claimed .carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , berkshire , has attacked the ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms .
abc program lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers .
fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola , officials have warned .
each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the sydney harbour bridge , opera house , customs house and the museum of contemporary art .
ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years .
the lincolnshire resort , famous for its giant butlin 's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks , joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as philipp lahm and xabi alonso .
but for many stars , such as madonna who 's been showing off her mock croc ` dealer ' purse , that statement is becoming increasingly controversial , with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures .
the trio , along with other squad members such as ashley young and michael carrick , met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation ` dream day ' .
jerusalem  the flame of remembrance burns in jerusalem , and a song of memory haunts valerie braham as it never has before .this year , israel 's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as braham .
phoenix , arizona  nearly 12 million parents in the united states currently are raising kids on their own .when single parents face a devastating illness such as cancer , everyday needs like cleaning and cooking can become a struggle .
left-wing , buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates , including senior figures such as shadow foreign secretary and election chief douglas alexander and shadow defence minister vernon coaker , who oversee the party 's policy on the falklands .
the ukip leader said he had to ` confess ' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india because they could speak english and understood britain 's legal system .
child sexual abuse reports have soared since operation yewtree which was sparked by jimmy savile 's assaulting of dozens of childrenreports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent in the wake of investigations such as operation yewtree and the rotherham scandal .
a number of online retailers stock the offending garments , which feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ` some people call it stalking .
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow .