The investigation originated from intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works, the officials added.
The Ibrox Rangers have said that their fans have no cause for alarm over trademarks being registered with sports direct, as they will return to the club when a loan of £5 million is repaid.
Hunderte of seals are being killed in british waters in order to protect stocks of fish which are destined for supermarket shelves.
A man named 'Cannibal cop', who became known as 'the cannibal cop', has revealed that he was arrested in 2012 for plotting to kidnap, torture and eat women online.
 The maker of bleach products said it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught colorado drivers by surprise on Friday, causing bad pileups that shut down highways during the morning commute.
 An increased number of emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy.
A scientist has claimed that organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago, from which animals evolved, may have had tentacles.
Feidin santana visited the man's family's charleston, south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken relatives.
A pre-med student in New York city is taking microscopic images of biological structures and turning them into prints for her new athletic apparel and accessories line.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she would form an anti-tory alliance with smaller labour parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on May 7.
The bill was part of an effort to make Hawaii the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of tobacco products to anyone under 21 years of age.
A system of robo spiders that can construct parts of spacecraft in orbit has been revealed, according to reports.
greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has met with vladimir putin in Moscow and the two agreed a package of investment in energy projects.
Former New England patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of homicide charges in the death of odin lloyd.
 More than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing medical treatments, the survey added.
 Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey, from hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting children.
 "Hundreds of people who visited the cooden beach hotel earlier this month came down with gastroenteritis symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug," said the owner.
 The defendants, including school staff, were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system.
Two atlanta hawks, who had just finished a home game hours before the stabbing, were arrested on obstruction charges in the stabbing.
 The agent, daniel boykin, entered the woman's home multiple times and took private data from her computer.
 The family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in, in which two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
A spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route has erected graphic signs warning visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela in north-western Spain.
US President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced $ 200 million in additional humanitarian aid to iraq, but declined to say whether washington would provide millitary arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis.
One historian has claimed that he has unravelled what may have led to the downfall of bronze age civilisations.
The isis extremists are building a network of'misfits' around the world who can carry out 'chaotic' terror attacks with little planning, a senior police officer has warned.
Blue Bell Creameries has recalled all its frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes, the Centers for Disease Control said on Monday.
 Interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday.
 In a letter he sent to his strategic management students, professor irwin horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about students and had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face.
2 million workers in the form of tax benefits.
 The study also found that belief in societal characteristics such as a strong social hierarchy is linked to belief in gods.
Los Angeles former rapper suge knight was ordered to stand trial for criminal charges stemming from a hit-and-run confrontation on the set of the biopic'straight outta compton'.
Train conductor graham palmer, 52, has been giving safety messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
In a rare foreign policy speech, Labour leader Ed Milband will pledge to "restore our commitment" to the international groups such as the UN.
kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners.
 Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from gastroenteritis symptoms, the cdc said.
 Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes during the nationwide campaign to "ban drugs in hundreds of cities", officials said.
The missouri national guard used militarized words to refer to protesters in ferguson, missouri, that raged sporadically from august through the end of last year.
A recent cyber-attack on the US Department of State was reportedly carried out by high-level russia hackers who also penetrated restricted parts of the white house computer system.
A spanish expert has found that prolonged exposure to smart gadgets can cause irreversible damage to the eyes.
 The report found that fighters from 100 nations -- more than half the countries in the world -- have joined extremist militant groups.
Cetaphil is a drug used to treat skin conditions in children and adults.
 The student, tyler grant, prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns and sometimes wears women's clothing.
 The 16th edition of the festival has attracted large crowds as performers including headlining act ac/dc were scheduled to take the stage along with musicians.
sucks' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities and companies looking to protect their reputations.
 called eye2tv, the adaptor adjusts colours in the image so that shows look 'normal' even if features colours that would otherwise not be visible.
The british doctors' union has warned that patients could soon be forced to pay for basic technical services, as the nhs finances are so dire that patients could soon be forced to pay to use them.
Beer and ice cream are two of the most popular pairings when you think of classic food pairings.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries, according to UK research.
Economists have found that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers.
 The businessman, from buckinghamshire, is selling one every week, including to the tv and film industry who have used then in tv shows.
 While many main airports have codes which make sense, others can leave passengers baffled.
 Treasury Secretary joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10% gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services.
A pet charity has warned that over 10,000 dogs a year are poisoned after eating seemingly harmless foods like paracetamol and chocolate.
 The sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities living as neighbours.
A new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram showing some of these 'awful' things parents do to their children.
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks which they have carried across the Turkish border into syria.
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has admitted that he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign.
Nearly 6 in 10 americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers, even if they have religious objections.
Beauty has seen an insurgence of all-purpose ingredients taking over in their place.
A 19-year-old girl was forced to relearn basic functional skills after she fell out of a fraternity house's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury.
 The company, which launched last month, has claimed that the service is being sabotaged by rivals as it seeks to take business away from more established music outlets.
 The company said that it will lose millions of pounds of credit card perks in the future.
 He said unlike former politicians, mr cameron had never had a 'proper job'.
 time in a myriad of entertainment events," according to the sheriff's website.
 Cecil hamilton-miller, from kensington, london, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945, including several key belsen figures.
 ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones, the westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq.
Swedish scientists analysed over 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who didn't have type 1 diabetes and found that children who experience stressful events could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes.
A transgender woman, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor oneal ron morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using harmful substances, stepped out on sunday showing off a new look.
 "In the wake of recent controversy surrounding 'wellness warriors', bloggers have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that candice-marie fox cured her cancer with juice," said a blogger.
A dutch firm has taken a slightly different approach for its london event, which will be held on the same day as technology shows.
Artist plastic jesus has put up seven 'no kardashian parking anytime' signs around Hollywood, including in front of the kim kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other restaurants.
 The study also found that you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with brain diseases than those of a healthy weight.
 Advance tickets will be sold out within two weeks after the event's start, with overseas superstars including alastair cook set to take part in the tournament.
 The snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor political parties to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts.
 In county areas, response times are now at least 50% longer than they were three years ago.
 Nearly half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class and among the country's highest earners, the study added.
bbc's programmes are set to move online as part of a new 'internet first' strategy designed to compete with web services bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs.
It has been claimed that cheesy slogans could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed.
 The telemovie will be shown in middle eastern countries later this year, with the aim of deterring asylum seekers from entering australian shores by boat.
Fruit juices made from so-called superfoods often contain more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned.
Sydney's vibrant lights festival will be held this year, with a series of light installations projected onto iconic buildings since 2009.
According to health experts, binge drinking has been a time-honoured tradition in ancient civilisations for thousands of years.
 The lincolnshire resort, famous for its butlin's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks, joins picturesque places in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer has warned his side to start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players.
 While some celebrities are known for their statement bags, others have worn them to show off their outfits.
 The trio, along with other squad members, met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation's dream day.
This year, israel's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members.
 When single parents face a devastating illness, everyday needs like cleaning and cooking can become a struggle.
 The company, tectonica, is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour candidates, including senior political figures, who oversee the party's policy on the falklands.
 Farage added that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries because they could speak english and understood britain's legal system.
 The reports of child sexual abuse cases have risen by over 60% in the wake of investigations.
 a number of online retailers stock the offending garments, which feature stalking phrases.
A strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses, but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress? The answer is yes, it's possible.